Ospdo qa comments changes (#815)
openstack-k8s-operators/data-plane-adoption: docs_user/modules/proc_ospdo-scale-down-pre-database-adoption.adoc

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must perform the following actions:

* Dump selected data from the existing {OpenStackShort} {rhos_prev_ver} cluster. You use this data to build the custom resources for the data plane adoption.
* After you extract and save the data, remove the OSPdO control plane and operator.
```

.Procedure

> Before proceeding with deleting the OSPdO environment, dump selected data from the existing OpenStack 17.1 cluster. This data will be used later on during the data plane adoption phase to build the correct CRs for data plane adoptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I moved this text to the introduction.

           "      ansibleHost: \($a["ctlplane"] | sub("/\\d+"; ""))",
           "    networks:", ($a | to_entries[] | "    - name: \(.key) \n      fixedIP: \(.value | sub("/\\d+"; ""))\n      subnetName: subnet1")' > temp/${name}-nodes.txt
    done
----
+
. Remove the conflicting repositories and packages from all Compute hosts. Define OSPdO / OSP17.1 pacemaker services that need to be stopped.
+
----
PacemakerResourcesToStop_dataplane=(
                "galera-bundle"
                "haproxy-bundle"
                "rabbitmq-bundle")

# Stop these PCM services after adopting control
# plane, but before starting deletion of OSPD0 (osp17) env
    echo "Stopping pacemaker OpenStack services"
    SSH_CMD=CONTROLLER_SSH
    if [ -n "${!SSH_CMD}" ]; then
        echo "Using controller 0 to run pacemaker commands "
        for resource in "${PacemakerResourcesToStop_dataplane[@]}"; do
            if ${!SSH_CMD} sudo pcs resource config "$resource" &>/dev/null; then
                echo "Stopping $resource"
                ${!SSH_CMD} sudo pcs resource disable "$resource"
            else
                echo "Service $resource not present"
            fi
        done
    fi
----

> 
> Once the above mentioned data has been extracted and saved we can proceed with removing the OSPdO control plane and operator.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I moved this text to the introduction.

----

. Remove the finalizer from the OSPdO `OpenStackBaremetalSet` resource:
+
----
$ oc patch openstackbaremetalsets.osp-director.openstack.org -n $OSPDO_NAMESPACE compute --type json -p="[{"op": "remove", "path": "/metadata/finalizers"}]"
----

. Delete the `OpenStackBaremetalSet` and `OpenStackProvisionServer` resources:
+
----
$ oc delete openstackbaremetalsets.osp-director.openstack.org -n $OSPDO_NAMESPACE --all
$ oc delete openstackprovisionservers.osp-director.openstack.org -n $OSPDO_NAMESPACE --all
----

. Annotate each {OpenStackShort} Compute `BareMetalHost` resource so that Metal3 does not start the node:
+
----
$ compute_bmh_list=$(oc get bmh -n openshift-machine-api |grep compute|awk '{printf $1 " "}')
$ for bmh_compute in $compute_bmh_list;do oc annotate bmh -n openshift-machine-api $bmh_compute baremetalhost.metal3.io/detached="";\
     oc -n openshift-machine-api wait bmh/$bmh_compute --for=jsonpath='{.status.operationalStatus}'=detached --timeout=30s || {
         echo "ERROR: BMH did not enter detatched state"
         exit 1
       }
done
----

> +
> . Delete the BMH once its operational status has become detached
> +
> ----
>     for bmh_compute in $compute_bmh_list;do \
>        oc -n openshift-machine-api delete bmh $bmh_compute; \
>     done

Reviewer: ```suggestion

. Delete the `BareMetalHost` resource after its operational status is detached:
+
----
    for bmh_compute in $compute_bmh_list;do \
       oc -n openshift-machine-api delete bmh $bmh_compute; \
    done
```
